Setting adjacencies for territory Antigua in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Guadeloupe, Puerto Rico,
Setting adjacency for Antigua to Guadeloupe.
Setting adjacency for Antigua to Puerto Rico.
Setting adjacencies for territory Barbados in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: St. Lucia, St. Johns, British Guiana,
Setting adjacency for Barbados to St. Lucia.
Setting adjacency for Barbados to St. Johns.
Setting adjacency for Barbados to British Guiana.
Setting adjacencies for territory Cuba in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Havana, Santiago de Cuba,
Setting adjacency for Cuba to Havana.
Setting adjacency for Cuba to Santiago de Cuba.
Setting adjacencies for territory Dominica in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Guadeloupe, Martinique,
Setting adjacency for Dominica to Guadeloupe.
Setting adjacency for Dominica to Martinique.
Setting adjacencies for territory Grenada in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: St. Lucia, Trinidad,
Setting adjacency for Grenada to St. Lucia.
Setting adjacency for Grenada to Trinidad.
Setting adjacencies for territory Guadeloupe in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Antigua, Dominica,
Setting adjacency for Guadeloupe to Antigua.
Setting adjacency for Guadeloupe to Dominica.
Setting adjacencies for territory Haiti in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Santo Domingo, Southern Bahamas, Santiago de Cuba, Jamaica,
Setting adjacency for Haiti to Santo Domingo.
Setting adjacency for Haiti to Southern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for Haiti to Santiago de Cuba.
Setting adjacency for Haiti to Jamaica.
Setting adjacencies for territory Havana in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Cuba, New Orleans, East Florida, Yucatan,
Setting adjacency for Havana to Cuba.
Setting adjacency for Havana to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for Havana to East Florida.
Setting adjacency for Havana to Yucatan.
Setting adjacencies for territory Jamaica in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Haiti, Santiago de Cuba, Mosquito Coast, Panama,
Setting adjacency for Jamaica to Haiti.
Setting adjacency for Jamaica to Santiago de Cuba.
Setting adjacency for Jamaica to Mosquito Coast.
Setting adjacency for Jamaica to Panama.
Setting adjacencies for territory Martinique in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Dominica, St. Lucia,
Setting adjacency for Martinique to Dominica.
Setting adjacency for Martinique to St. Lucia.
Setting adjacencies for territory Northern Bahamas in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: North Carolina, East Florida, Southern Bahamas, Santiago de Cuba,
Setting adjacency for Northern Bahamas to North Carolina.
Setting adjacency for Northern Bahamas to East Florida.
Setting adjacency for Northern Bahamas to Southern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for Northern Bahamas to Santiago de Cuba.
Setting adjacencies for territory Puerto Rico in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Santo Domingo, Curacao, Antigua,
Setting adjacency for Puerto Rico to Santo Domingo.
Setting adjacency for Puerto Rico to Curacao.
Setting adjacency for Puerto Rico to Antigua.
Setting adjacencies for territory Santiago de Cuba in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica, Northern Bahamas, Southern Bahamas,
Setting adjacency for Santiago de Cuba to Cuba.
Setting adjacency for Santiago de Cuba to Haiti.
Setting adjacency for Santiago de Cuba to Jamaica.
Setting adjacency for Santiago de Cuba to Northern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for Santiago de Cuba to Southern Bahamas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Santo Domingo in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Haiti, Puerto Rico,
Setting adjacency for Santo Domingo to Haiti.
Setting adjacency for Santo Domingo to Puerto Rico.
Setting adjacencies for territory Southern Bahamas in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Haiti, Northern Bahamas, Santiago de Cuba, Massachusetts,
Setting adjacency for Southern Bahamas to Haiti.
Setting adjacency for Southern Bahamas to Northern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for Southern Bahamas to Santiago de Cuba.
Setting adjacency for Southern Bahamas to Massachusetts.
Setting adjacencies for territory St. Lucia in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Barbados, Grenada, Martinique,
Setting adjacency for St. Lucia to Barbados.
Setting adjacency for St. Lucia to Grenada.
Setting adjacency for St. Lucia to Martinique.
Setting adjacencies for territory British Honduras in continent Central America with adjacents: Yucatan, Campeche, Guatemala,
Setting adjacency for British Honduras to Yucatan.
Setting adjacency for British Honduras to Campeche.
Setting adjacency for British Honduras to Guatemala.
Setting adjacencies for territory Campeche in continent Central America with adjacents: British Honduras, Yucatan, Tabasco, Guatemala, Chiapas,
Setting adjacency for Campeche to British Honduras.
Setting adjacency for Campeche to Yucatan.
Setting adjacency for Campeche to Tabasco.
Setting adjacency for Campeche to Guatemala.
Setting adjacency for Campeche to Chiapas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Costa Rica in continent Central America with adjacents: Mosquito Coast, Panama, Nicaragua,
Setting adjacency for Costa Rica to Mosquito Coast.
Setting adjacency for Costa Rica to Panama.
Setting adjacency for Costa Rica to Nicaragua.
Setting adjacencies for territory Guatemala in continent Central America with adjacents: British Honduras, Campeche, Chiapas, Salvador, Honduras,
Setting adjacency for Guatemala to British Honduras.
Setting adjacency for Guatemala to Campeche.
Setting adjacency for Guatemala to Chiapas.
Setting adjacency for Guatemala to Salvador.
Setting adjacency for Guatemala to Honduras.
Setting adjacencies for territory Honduras in continent Central America with adjacents: Guatemala, Mosquito Coast, Nicaragua, Salvador,
Setting adjacency for Honduras to Guatemala.
Setting adjacency for Honduras to Mosquito Coast.
Setting adjacency for Honduras to Nicaragua.
Setting adjacency for Honduras to Salvador.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mosquito Coast in continent Central America with adjacents: Jamaica, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras,
Setting adjacency for Mosquito Coast to Jamaica.
Setting adjacency for Mosquito Coast to Costa Rica.
Setting adjacency for Mosquito Coast to Nicaragua.
Setting adjacency for Mosquito Coast to Honduras.
Setting adjacencies for territory Nicaragua in continent Central America with adjacents: Costa Rica, Mosquito Coast, Honduras,
Setting adjacency for Nicaragua to Costa Rica.
Setting adjacency for Nicaragua to Mosquito Coast.
Setting adjacency for Nicaragua to Honduras.
Setting adjacencies for territory Panama in continent Central America with adjacents: Jamaica, Costa Rica, Cartagena, Antioqura,
Setting adjacency for Panama to Jamaica.
Setting adjacency for Panama to Costa Rica.
Setting adjacency for Panama to Cartagena.
Setting adjacency for Panama to Antioqura.
Setting adjacencies for territory Salvador in continent Central America with adjacents: Guatemala, Honduras,
Setting adjacency for Salvador to Guatemala.
Setting adjacency for Salvador to Honduras.
Setting adjacencies for territory Yucatan in continent Central America with adjacents: Havana, British Honduras, Campeche,
Setting adjacency for Yucatan to Havana.
Setting adjacency for Yucatan to British Honduras.
Setting adjacency for Yucatan to Campeche.
Setting adjacencies for territory Apache lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Coahuila, Chihuahua, Comanche lands, San Antonio,
Setting adjacency for Apache lands to Coahuila.
Setting adjacency for Apache lands to Chihuahua.
Setting adjacency for Apache lands to Comanche lands.
Setting adjacency for Apache lands to San Antonio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Arapaho lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Pawnee lands, Arikira lands, Kiowa lands, Skidi Pawnee,
Setting adjacency for Arapaho lands to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Arapaho lands to Arikira lands.
Setting adjacency for Arapaho lands to Kiowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Arapaho lands to Skidi Pawnee.
Setting adjacencies for territory Arikira lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arapaho lands, Cheyenne lands, Ponca lands, Skidi Pawnee,
Setting adjacency for Arikira lands to Arapaho lands.
Setting adjacency for Arikira lands to Cheyenne lands.
Setting adjacency for Arikira lands to Ponca lands.
Setting adjacency for Arikira lands to Skidi Pawnee.
Setting adjacencies for territory Cheyenne lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arikira lands, Santee Sioux lands, Crow lands, Ponca lands,
Setting adjacency for Cheyenne lands to Arikira lands.
Setting adjacency for Cheyenne lands to Santee Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Cheyenne lands to Crow lands.
Setting adjacency for Cheyenne lands to Ponca lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Comanche lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Apache lands, Caddo lands, Wichita lands, Kiowa lands, Tejas, San Antonio,
Setting adjacency for Comanche lands to Apache lands.
Setting adjacency for Comanche lands to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Comanche lands to Wichita lands.
Setting adjacency for Comanche lands to Kiowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Comanche lands to Tejas.
Setting adjacency for Comanche lands to San Antonio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Crow lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Cheyenne lands, Santee Sioux lands, Mandan lands, Assiniboin lands,
Setting adjacency for Crow lands to Cheyenne lands.
Setting adjacency for Crow lands to Santee Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Crow lands to Mandan lands.
Setting adjacency for Crow lands to Assiniboin lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Dacotah Sioux lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Iowa lands, Mesquakie lands, Santee Sioux lands, Chippewa lands, Yankton Sioux lands, Omaha lands, Ponca lands,
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Iowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Mesquakie lands.
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Santee Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Chippewa lands.
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Yankton Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Omaha lands.
Setting adjacency for Dacotah Sioux lands to Ponca lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Iowa lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Dacotah Sioux lands, Mesquakie lands, Sauk lands, Oto lands, Omaha lands,
Setting adjacency for Iowa lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Iowa lands to Mesquakie lands.
Setting adjacency for Iowa lands to Sauk lands.
Setting adjacency for Iowa lands to Oto lands.
Setting adjacency for Iowa lands to Omaha lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Kansa lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arkansas, Illinois, Pawnee lands, Oto lands, Kikapoo lands, Osage lands,
Setting adjacency for Kansa lands to Arkansas.
Setting adjacency for Kansa lands to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Kansa lands to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Kansa lands to Oto lands.
Setting adjacency for Kansa lands to Kikapoo lands.
Setting adjacency for Kansa lands to Osage lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Kiowa lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arapaho lands, Comanche lands, Caddo lands, Pawnee lands, Wichita lands, Osage lands,
Setting adjacency for Kiowa lands to Arapaho lands.
Setting adjacency for Kiowa lands to Comanche lands.
Setting adjacency for Kiowa lands to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Kiowa lands to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Kiowa lands to Wichita lands.
Setting adjacency for Kiowa lands to Osage lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mandan lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Crow lands, Santee Sioux lands, Assiniboin lands, Cree lands, Yankton Sioux lands,
Setting adjacency for Mandan lands to Crow lands.
Setting adjacency for Mandan lands to Santee Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Mandan lands to Assiniboin lands.
Setting adjacency for Mandan lands to Cree lands.
Setting adjacency for Mandan lands to Yankton Sioux lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Omaha lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Dacotah Sioux lands, Iowa lands, Pawnee lands, Ponca lands, Skidi Pawnee, Oto lands,
Setting adjacency for Omaha lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Omaha lands to Iowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Omaha lands to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Omaha lands to Ponca lands.
Setting adjacency for Omaha lands to Skidi Pawnee.
Setting adjacency for Omaha lands to Oto lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Osage lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Kansa lands, Kiowa lands, Arkansas, Caddo lands, Pawnee lands, Quapaw lands,
Setting adjacency for Osage lands to Kansa lands.
Setting adjacency for Osage lands to Kiowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Osage lands to Arkansas.
Setting adjacency for Osage lands to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Osage lands to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Osage lands to Quapaw lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Oto lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Iowa lands, Kansa lands, Sauk lands, Pawnee lands, Omaha lands,
Setting adjacency for Oto lands to Iowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Oto lands to Kansa lands.
Setting adjacency for Oto lands to Sauk lands.
Setting adjacency for Oto lands to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Oto lands to Omaha lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Pawnee lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arapaho lands, Kansa lands, Kiowa lands, Omaha lands, Osage lands, Oto lands, Skidi Pawnee,
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Arapaho lands.
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Kansa lands.
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Kiowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Omaha lands.
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Osage lands.
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Oto lands.
Setting adjacency for Pawnee lands to Skidi Pawnee.
Setting adjacencies for territory Ponca lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arikira lands, Cheyenne lands, Dacotah Sioux lands, Omaha lands, Santee Sioux lands, Skidi Pawnee,
Setting adjacency for Ponca lands to Arikira lands.
Setting adjacency for Ponca lands to Cheyenne lands.
Setting adjacency for Ponca lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Ponca lands to Omaha lands.
Setting adjacency for Ponca lands to Santee Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Ponca lands to Skidi Pawnee.
Setting adjacencies for territory Santee Sioux lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Cheyenne lands, Crow lands, Dacotah Sioux lands, Mandan lands, Ponca lands, Yankton Sioux lands,
Setting adjacency for Santee Sioux lands to Cheyenne lands.
Setting adjacency for Santee Sioux lands to Crow lands.
Setting adjacency for Santee Sioux lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Santee Sioux lands to Mandan lands.
Setting adjacency for Santee Sioux lands to Ponca lands.
Setting adjacency for Santee Sioux lands to Yankton Sioux lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Skidi Pawnee in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Arapaho lands, Arikira lands, Omaha lands, Pawnee lands, Ponca lands,
Setting adjacency for Skidi Pawnee to Arapaho lands.
Setting adjacency for Skidi Pawnee to Arikira lands.
Setting adjacency for Skidi Pawnee to Omaha lands.
Setting adjacency for Skidi Pawnee to Pawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Skidi Pawnee to Ponca lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Wichita lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Comanche lands, Kiowa lands, Caddo lands,
Setting adjacency for Wichita lands to Comanche lands.
Setting adjacency for Wichita lands to Kiowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Wichita lands to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Yankton Sioux lands in continent Great Plains with adjacents: Dacotah Sioux lands, Mandan lands, Santee Sioux lands, Chippewa lands, Cree lands,
Setting adjacency for Yankton Sioux lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Yankton Sioux lands to Mandan lands.
Setting adjacency for Yankton Sioux lands to Santee Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Yankton Sioux lands to Chippewa lands.
Setting adjacency for Yankton Sioux lands to Cree lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory British Guiana in continent Guiana with adjacents: Barbados, Angostura, Venezuela, Dutch Guiana,
Setting adjacency for British Guiana to Barbados.
Setting adjacency for British Guiana to Angostura.
Setting adjacency for British Guiana to Venezuela.
Setting adjacency for British Guiana to Dutch Guiana.
Setting adjacencies for territory Dutch Guiana in continent Guiana with adjacents: British Guiana, French Guiana,
Setting adjacency for Dutch Guiana to British Guiana.
Setting adjacency for Dutch Guiana to French Guiana.
Setting adjacencies for territory French Guiana in continent Guiana with adjacents: Dutch Guiana,
Setting adjacency for French Guiana to Dutch Guiana.
Setting adjacencies for territory Arkansas in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Kansa lands, Osage lands, Tennesee, Illinois, Quapaw lands, Mississippi,
Setting adjacency for Arkansas to Kansa lands.
Setting adjacency for Arkansas to Osage lands.
Setting adjacency for Arkansas to Tennesee.
Setting adjacency for Arkansas to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Arkansas to Quapaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Arkansas to Mississippi.
Setting adjacencies for territory Caddo lands in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Comanche lands, Kiowa lands, Osage lands, Wichita lands, Natchez, Los Adaes, Tejas, Quapaw lands,
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Comanche lands.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Kiowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Osage lands.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Wichita lands.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Natchez.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Los Adaes.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Tejas.
Setting adjacency for Caddo lands to Quapaw lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Choctaw lands in continent Louisiana with adjacents: West Florida, New Orleans, Chickasaw lands, Mississippi, Creek lands,
Setting adjacency for Choctaw lands to West Florida.
Setting adjacency for Choctaw lands to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for Choctaw lands to Chickasaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Choctaw lands to Mississippi.
Setting adjacency for Choctaw lands to Creek lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Creek lands in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Choctaw lands, West Florida, Appalachian mountains, Chickasaw lands, Georgia,
Setting adjacency for Creek lands to Choctaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Creek lands to West Florida.
Setting adjacency for Creek lands to Appalachian mountains.
Setting adjacency for Creek lands to Chickasaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Creek lands to Georgia.
Setting adjacencies for territory Illinois in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Kansa lands, Arkansas, Tennesee, Mascouten lands, Shawnee lands, Kentucky, Kikapoo lands,
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Kansa lands.
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Arkansas.
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Tennesee.
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Mascouten lands.
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Shawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Illinois to Kikapoo lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mississippi in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Arkansas, Choctaw lands, Natchez, New Orleans, Quapaw lands, Chickasaw lands, Tennesee,
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to Arkansas.
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to Choctaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to Natchez.
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to Quapaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to Chickasaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Mississippi to Tennesee.
Setting adjacencies for territory Natchez in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Caddo lands, Mississippi, New Orleans, Los Adaes, Quapaw lands,
Setting adjacency for Natchez to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Natchez to Mississippi.
Setting adjacency for Natchez to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for Natchez to Los Adaes.
Setting adjacency for Natchez to Quapaw lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory New Orleans in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Havana, Choctaw lands, Mississippi, Natchez, West Florida, Los Adaes, Vera Cruz,
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to Havana.
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to Choctaw lands.
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to Mississippi.
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to Natchez.
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to West Florida.
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to Los Adaes.
Setting adjacency for New Orleans to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacencies for territory Quapaw lands in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Osage lands, Arkansas, Caddo lands, Mississippi, Natchez,
Setting adjacency for Quapaw lands to Osage lands.
Setting adjacency for Quapaw lands to Arkansas.
Setting adjacency for Quapaw lands to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Quapaw lands to Mississippi.
Setting adjacency for Quapaw lands to Natchez.
Setting adjacencies for territory West Florida in continent Louisiana with adjacents: Choctaw lands, Creek lands, New Orleans, East Florida, Georgia,
Setting adjacency for West Florida to Choctaw lands.
Setting adjacency for West Florida to Creek lands.
Setting adjacency for West Florida to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for West Florida to East Florida.
Setting adjacency for West Florida to Georgia.
Setting adjacencies for territory Abenaki lands in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Maine, Gaspe, New Hampshire, Montreal, Lake Champlain, Quebec,
Setting adjacency for Abenaki lands to Maine.
Setting adjacency for Abenaki lands to Gaspe.
Setting adjacency for Abenaki lands to New Hampshire.
Setting adjacency for Abenaki lands to Montreal.
Setting adjacency for Abenaki lands to Lake Champlain.
Setting adjacency for Abenaki lands to Quebec.
Setting adjacencies for territory Canada in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Canadian wilderness, Moose Factory, Lower Canada, Montreal, Ontario, Quebec, Tadoussac,
Setting adjacency for Canada to Canadian wilderness.
Setting adjacency for Canada to Moose Factory.
Setting adjacency for Canada to Lower Canada.
Setting adjacency for Canada to Montreal.
Setting adjacency for Canada to Ontario.
Setting adjacency for Canada to Quebec.
Setting adjacency for Canada to Tadoussac.
Setting adjacencies for territory Canadian wilderness in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Canada, Labrador, Moose Factory, James Bay, Montagnais lands, Tadoussac,
Setting adjacency for Canadian wilderness to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Canadian wilderness to Labrador.
Setting adjacency for Canadian wilderness to Moose Factory.
Setting adjacency for Canadian wilderness to James Bay.
Setting adjacency for Canadian wilderness to Montagnais lands.
Setting adjacency for Canadian wilderness to Tadoussac.
Setting adjacencies for territory Gaspe in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Abenaki lands, Maine, New Brunswick,
Setting adjacency for Gaspe to Abenaki lands.
Setting adjacency for Gaspe to Maine.
Setting adjacency for Gaspe to New Brunswick.
Setting adjacencies for territory Halifax in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick, Isle Royale, Nova Scotia,
Setting adjacency for Halifax to Prince Edward Island.
Setting adjacency for Halifax to New Brunswick.
Setting adjacency for Halifax to Isle Royale.
Setting adjacency for Halifax to Nova Scotia.
Setting adjacencies for territory Isle Royale in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Halifax, St. Johns,
Setting adjacency for Isle Royale to Halifax.
Setting adjacency for Isle Royale to St. Johns.
Setting adjacencies for territory Labrador in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Canadian wilderness, Montagnais lands, Newfoundland,
Setting adjacency for Labrador to Canadian wilderness.
Setting adjacency for Labrador to Montagnais lands.
Setting adjacency for Labrador to Newfoundland.
Setting adjacencies for territory Lower Canada in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Canada, Adirondack mountains, Montreal, Upper Canada, Ontario,
Setting adjacency for Lower Canada to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Lower Canada to Adirondack mountains.
Setting adjacency for Lower Canada to Montreal.
Setting adjacency for Lower Canada to Upper Canada.
Setting adjacency for Lower Canada to Ontario.
Setting adjacencies for territory Montagnais lands in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Canadian wilderness, Labrador, Tadoussac,
Setting adjacency for Montagnais lands to Canadian wilderness.
Setting adjacency for Montagnais lands to Labrador.
Setting adjacency for Montagnais lands to Tadoussac.
Setting adjacencies for territory Montreal in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Abenaki lands, Canada, Lower Canada, Adirondack mountains, Lake Champlain, Quebec,
Setting adjacency for Montreal to Abenaki lands.
Setting adjacency for Montreal to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Montreal to Lower Canada.
Setting adjacency for Montreal to Adirondack mountains.
Setting adjacency for Montreal to Lake Champlain.
Setting adjacency for Montreal to Quebec.
Setting adjacencies for territory New Brunswick in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Gaspe, Halifax, Maine, Prince Edward Island,
Setting adjacency for New Brunswick to Gaspe.
Setting adjacency for New Brunswick to Halifax.
Setting adjacency for New Brunswick to Maine.
Setting adjacency for New Brunswick to Prince Edward Island.
Setting adjacencies for territory Newfoundland in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Labrador, St. Johns,
Setting adjacency for Newfoundland to Labrador.
Setting adjacency for Newfoundland to St. Johns.
Setting adjacencies for territory Nova Scotia in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Halifax, Massachusetts,
Setting adjacency for Nova Scotia to Halifax.
Setting adjacency for Nova Scotia to Massachusetts.
Setting adjacencies for territory Prince Edward Island in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Halifax, New Brunswick,
Setting adjacency for Prince Edward Island to Halifax.
Setting adjacency for Prince Edward Island to New Brunswick.
Setting adjacencies for territory Quebec in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Abenaki lands, Canada, Montreal, Tadoussac,
Setting adjacency for Quebec to Abenaki lands.
Setting adjacency for Quebec to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Quebec to Montreal.
Setting adjacency for Quebec to Tadoussac.
Setting adjacencies for territory St. Johns in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Barbados, Isle Royale, Newfoundland,
Setting adjacency for St. Johns to Barbados.
Setting adjacency for St. Johns to Isle Royale.
Setting adjacency for St. Johns to Newfoundland.
Setting adjacencies for territory Tadoussac in continent Lower Canada with adjacents: Canada, Canadian wilderness, Montagnais lands, Quebec,
Setting adjacency for Tadoussac to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Tadoussac to Canadian wilderness.
Setting adjacency for Tadoussac to Montagnais lands.
Setting adjacency for Tadoussac to Quebec.
Setting adjacencies for territory Chihuahua in continent Northern Mexico with adjacents: Apache lands, Durango, Coahuila,
Setting adjacency for Chihuahua to Apache lands.
Setting adjacency for Chihuahua to Durango.
Setting adjacency for Chihuahua to Coahuila.
Setting adjacencies for territory Coahuila in continent Northern Mexico with adjacents: Apache lands, Chihuahua, Matamoros, Durango, Zacatecas, Laredo, San Antonio,
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to Apache lands.
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to Chihuahua.
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to Matamoros.
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to Durango.
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to Zacatecas.
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to Laredo.
Setting adjacency for Coahuila to San Antonio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Laredo in continent Northern Mexico with adjacents: Coahuila, Matamoros, San Antonio,
Setting adjacency for Laredo to Coahuila.
Setting adjacency for Laredo to Matamoros.
Setting adjacency for Laredo to San Antonio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Los Adaes in continent Northern Mexico with adjacents: Caddo lands, Natchez, New Orleans, Tejas,
Setting adjacency for Los Adaes to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Los Adaes to Natchez.
Setting adjacency for Los Adaes to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for Los Adaes to Tejas.
Setting adjacencies for territory San Antonio in continent Northern Mexico with adjacents: Apache lands, Comanche lands, Coahuila, Laredo, Tejas,
Setting adjacency for San Antonio to Apache lands.
Setting adjacency for San Antonio to Comanche lands.
Setting adjacency for San Antonio to Coahuila.
Setting adjacency for San Antonio to Laredo.
Setting adjacency for San Antonio to Tejas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Tejas in continent Northern Mexico with adjacents: Comanche lands, Caddo lands, Los Adaes, San Antonio,
Setting adjacency for Tejas to Comanche lands.
Setting adjacency for Tejas to Caddo lands.
Setting adjacency for Tejas to Los Adaes.
Setting adjacency for Tejas to San Antonio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Adirondack mountains in continent Northern States with adjacents: Lower Canada, Montreal, Lake Champlain, New York,
Setting adjacency for Adirondack mountains to Lower Canada.
Setting adjacency for Adirondack mountains to Montreal.
Setting adjacency for Adirondack mountains to Lake Champlain.
Setting adjacency for Adirondack mountains to New York.
Setting adjacencies for territory Connecticutt & Rhode Island in continent Northern States with adjacents: Massachusetts, New York,
Setting adjacency for Connecticutt & Rhode Island to Massachusetts.
Setting adjacency for Connecticutt & Rhode Island to New York.
Setting adjacencies for territory Fort Niagra in continent Northern States with adjacents: Pittsburgh, Northern Allegheny mountains, Upper Canada, New York,
Setting adjacency for Fort Niagra to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Fort Niagra to Northern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacency for Fort Niagra to Upper Canada.
Setting adjacency for Fort Niagra to New York.
Setting adjacencies for territory Lake Champlain in continent Northern States with adjacents: Abenaki lands, Montreal, Adirondack mountains, New Hampshire, New York, Massachusetts,
Setting adjacency for Lake Champlain to Abenaki lands.
Setting adjacency for Lake Champlain to Montreal.
Setting adjacency for Lake Champlain to Adirondack mountains.
Setting adjacency for Lake Champlain to New Hampshire.
Setting adjacency for Lake Champlain to New York.
Setting adjacency for Lake Champlain to Massachusetts.
Setting adjacencies for territory Maine in continent Northern States with adjacents: Abenaki lands, Gaspe, New Brunswick, New Hampshire,
Setting adjacency for Maine to Abenaki lands.
Setting adjacency for Maine to Gaspe.
Setting adjacency for Maine to New Brunswick.
Setting adjacency for Maine to New Hampshire.
Setting adjacencies for territory Massachusetts in continent Northern States with adjacents: Southern Bahamas, Nova Scotia, Lake Champlain, New Hampshire, New York, Connecticutt & Rhode Island,
Setting adjacency for Massachusetts to Southern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for Massachusetts to Nova Scotia.
Setting adjacency for Massachusetts to Lake Champlain.
Setting adjacency for Massachusetts to New Hampshire.
Setting adjacency for Massachusetts to New York.
Setting adjacency for Massachusetts to Connecticutt & Rhode Island.
Setting adjacencies for territory New Hampshire in continent Northern States with adjacents: Abenaki lands, Lake Champlain, Maine, Massachusetts,
Setting adjacency for New Hampshire to Abenaki lands.
Setting adjacency for New Hampshire to Lake Champlain.
Setting adjacency for New Hampshire to Maine.
Setting adjacency for New Hampshire to Massachusetts.
Setting adjacencies for territory New Jersey & Delaware in continent Northern States with adjacents: New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania,
Setting adjacency for New Jersey & Delaware to New York.
Setting adjacency for New Jersey & Delaware to Maryland.
Setting adjacency for New Jersey & Delaware to Pennsylvania.
Setting adjacencies for territory New York in continent Northern States with adjacents: Adirondack mountains, Fort Niagra, Lake Champlain, Massachusetts, New Jersey & Delaware, Northern Allegheny mountains, Pennsylvania, Connecticutt & Rhode Island,
Setting adjacency for New York to Adirondack mountains.
Setting adjacency for New York to Fort Niagra.
Setting adjacency for New York to Lake Champlain.
Setting adjacency for New York to Massachusetts.
Setting adjacency for New York to New Jersey & Delaware.
Setting adjacency for New York to Northern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacency for New York to Pennsylvania.
Setting adjacency for New York to Connecticutt & Rhode Island.
Setting adjacencies for territory Northern Allegheny mountains in continent Northern States with adjacents: Fort Niagra, New York, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
Setting adjacency for Northern Allegheny mountains to Fort Niagra.
Setting adjacency for Northern Allegheny mountains to New York.
Setting adjacency for Northern Allegheny mountains to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Northern Allegheny mountains to Pennsylvania.
Setting adjacencies for territory Chippewa lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Dacotah Sioux lands, Yankton Sioux lands, Mesquakie lands, Cree lands, Menominie lands,
Setting adjacency for Chippewa lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Chippewa lands to Yankton Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Chippewa lands to Mesquakie lands.
Setting adjacency for Chippewa lands to Cree lands.
Setting adjacency for Chippewa lands to Menominie lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Fort Detroit in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Miami lands, Potawatomi lands, Upper Canada, Fort Michilimackinac,
Setting adjacency for Fort Detroit to Miami lands.
Setting adjacency for Fort Detroit to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacency for Fort Detroit to Upper Canada.
Setting adjacency for Fort Detroit to Fort Michilimackinac.
Setting adjacencies for territory Fort Michilimackinac in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Fort Detroit, Potawatomi lands, Menominie lands,
Setting adjacency for Fort Michilimackinac to Fort Detroit.
Setting adjacency for Fort Michilimackinac to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacency for Fort Michilimackinac to Menominie lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Kikapoo lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Kansa lands, Illinois, Sauk lands, Potawatomi lands, Mascouten lands,
Setting adjacency for Kikapoo lands to Kansa lands.
Setting adjacency for Kikapoo lands to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Kikapoo lands to Sauk lands.
Setting adjacency for Kikapoo lands to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacency for Kikapoo lands to Mascouten lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mascouten lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Illinois, Kikapoo lands, Miami lands, Potawatomi lands, Shawnee lands,
Setting adjacency for Mascouten lands to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Mascouten lands to Kikapoo lands.
Setting adjacency for Mascouten lands to Miami lands.
Setting adjacency for Mascouten lands to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacency for Mascouten lands to Shawnee lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Menominie lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Chippewa lands, Fort Michilimackinac, Ottawa lands, Mesquakie lands, Sauk lands, Potawatomi lands,
Setting adjacency for Menominie lands to Chippewa lands.
Setting adjacency for Menominie lands to Fort Michilimackinac.
Setting adjacency for Menominie lands to Ottawa lands.
Setting adjacency for Menominie lands to Mesquakie lands.
Setting adjacency for Menominie lands to Sauk lands.
Setting adjacency for Menominie lands to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mesquakie lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Dacotah Sioux lands, Iowa lands, Chippewa lands, Menominie lands, Sauk lands,
Setting adjacency for Mesquakie lands to Dacotah Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Mesquakie lands to Iowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Mesquakie lands to Chippewa lands.
Setting adjacency for Mesquakie lands to Menominie lands.
Setting adjacency for Mesquakie lands to Sauk lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Miami lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Fort Detroit, Mascouten lands, Potawatomi lands, Shawnee lands, Ohio,
Setting adjacency for Miami lands to Fort Detroit.
Setting adjacency for Miami lands to Mascouten lands.
Setting adjacency for Miami lands to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacency for Miami lands to Shawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Miami lands to Ohio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Potawatomi lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Fort Detroit, Fort Michilimackinac, Kikapoo lands, Mascouten lands, Menominie lands, Miami lands, Sauk lands,
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Fort Detroit.
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Fort Michilimackinac.
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Kikapoo lands.
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Mascouten lands.
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Menominie lands.
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Miami lands.
Setting adjacency for Potawatomi lands to Sauk lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Sauk lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Iowa lands, Oto lands, Kikapoo lands, Menominie lands, Mesquakie lands, Potawatomi lands,
Setting adjacency for Sauk lands to Iowa lands.
Setting adjacency for Sauk lands to Oto lands.
Setting adjacency for Sauk lands to Kikapoo lands.
Setting adjacency for Sauk lands to Menominie lands.
Setting adjacency for Sauk lands to Mesquakie lands.
Setting adjacency for Sauk lands to Potawatomi lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Shawnee lands in continent Northwest Territory with adjacents: Illinois, Mascouten lands, Miami lands, Kentucky, Ohio,
Setting adjacency for Shawnee lands to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Shawnee lands to Mascouten lands.
Setting adjacency for Shawnee lands to Miami lands.
Setting adjacency for Shawnee lands to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Shawnee lands to Ohio.
Setting adjacencies for territory Cherokee lands in continent Ohio with adjacents: Tennesee, Appalachian mountains, Kentucky, Chickasaw lands, North Carolina,
Setting adjacency for Cherokee lands to Tennesee.
Setting adjacency for Cherokee lands to Appalachian mountains.
Setting adjacency for Cherokee lands to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Cherokee lands to Chickasaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Cherokee lands to North Carolina.
Setting adjacencies for territory Chickasaw lands in continent Ohio with adjacents: Choctaw lands, Creek lands, Mississippi, Cherokee lands, Tennesee, Appalachian mountains,
Setting adjacency for Chickasaw lands to Choctaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Chickasaw lands to Creek lands.
Setting adjacency for Chickasaw lands to Mississippi.
Setting adjacency for Chickasaw lands to Cherokee lands.
Setting adjacency for Chickasaw lands to Tennesee.
Setting adjacency for Chickasaw lands to Appalachian mountains.
Setting adjacencies for territory Kentucky in continent Ohio with adjacents: Illinois, Shawnee lands, Cherokee lands, Pittsburgh, Tennesee, North Carolina, Blue Ridge mountains, Ohio, Southern Allegheny mountains,
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Shawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Cherokee lands.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Tennesee.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to North Carolina.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Blue Ridge mountains.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Ohio.
Setting adjacency for Kentucky to Southern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacencies for territory Ohio in continent Ohio with adjacents: Miami lands, Shawnee lands, Kentucky, Pittsburgh, Southern Allegheny mountains,
Setting adjacency for Ohio to Miami lands.
Setting adjacency for Ohio to Shawnee lands.
Setting adjacency for Ohio to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Ohio to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Ohio to Southern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacencies for territory Pittsburgh in continent Ohio with adjacents: Fort Niagra, Northern Allegheny mountains, Kentucky, Ohio, Blue Ridge mountains, Maryland, Southern Allegheny mountains, Pennsylvania,
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Fort Niagra.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Northern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Ohio.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Blue Ridge mountains.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Maryland.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Southern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacency for Pittsburgh to Pennsylvania.
Setting adjacencies for territory Southern Allegheny mountains in continent Ohio with adjacents: Kentucky, Ohio, Pittsburgh,
Setting adjacency for Southern Allegheny mountains to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Southern Allegheny mountains to Ohio.
Setting adjacency for Southern Allegheny mountains to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacencies for territory Tennesee in continent Ohio with adjacents: Arkansas, Illinois, Cherokee lands, Chickasaw lands, Kentucky, Mississippi,
Setting adjacency for Tennesee to Arkansas.
Setting adjacency for Tennesee to Illinois.
Setting adjacency for Tennesee to Cherokee lands.
Setting adjacency for Tennesee to Chickasaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Tennesee to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Tennesee to Mississippi.
Setting adjacencies for territory Angostura in continent South America with adjacents: British Guiana, Venezuela, Caracas, Orinoco jungles, Trinidad,
Setting adjacency for Angostura to British Guiana.
Setting adjacency for Angostura to Venezuela.
Setting adjacency for Angostura to Caracas.
Setting adjacency for Angostura to Orinoco jungles.
Setting adjacency for Angostura to Trinidad.
Setting adjacencies for territory Antioqura in continent South America with adjacents: New Granada, Mompas, Bogota, Cartagena, Panama,
Setting adjacency for Antioqura to New Granada.
Setting adjacency for Antioqura to Mompas.
Setting adjacency for Antioqura to Bogota.
Setting adjacency for Antioqura to Cartagena.
Setting adjacency for Antioqura to Panama.
Setting adjacencies for territory Bogota in continent South America with adjacents: Antioqura, New Granada,
Setting adjacency for Bogota to Antioqura.
Setting adjacency for Bogota to New Granada.
Setting adjacencies for territory Caracas in continent South America with adjacents: Angostura, Coro, Orinoco jungles, Trinidad,
Setting adjacency for Caracas to Angostura.
Setting adjacency for Caracas to Coro.
Setting adjacency for Caracas to Orinoco jungles.
Setting adjacency for Caracas to Trinidad.
Setting adjacencies for territory Cartagena in continent South America with adjacents: Panama, Antioqura, Maracaibo, Mompas,
Setting adjacency for Cartagena to Panama.
Setting adjacency for Cartagena to Antioqura.
Setting adjacency for Cartagena to Maracaibo.
Setting adjacency for Cartagena to Mompas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Coro in continent South America with adjacents: Caracas, New Granada, Maracaibo, Orinoco jungles, Curacao,
Setting adjacency for Coro to Caracas.
Setting adjacency for Coro to New Granada.
Setting adjacency for Coro to Maracaibo.
Setting adjacency for Coro to Orinoco jungles.
Setting adjacency for Coro to Curacao.
Setting adjacencies for territory Curacao in continent South America with adjacents: Puerto Rico, Coro,
Setting adjacency for Curacao to Puerto Rico.
Setting adjacency for Curacao to Coro.
Setting adjacencies for territory Maracaibo in continent South America with adjacents: Cartagena, Coro, New Granada, Mompas,
Setting adjacency for Maracaibo to Cartagena.
Setting adjacency for Maracaibo to Coro.
Setting adjacency for Maracaibo to New Granada.
Setting adjacency for Maracaibo to Mompas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mompas in continent South America with adjacents: Antioqura, Cartagena, Maracaibo, New Granada,
Setting adjacency for Mompas to Antioqura.
Setting adjacency for Mompas to Cartagena.
Setting adjacency for Mompas to Maracaibo.
Setting adjacency for Mompas to New Granada.
Setting adjacencies for territory New Granada in continent South America with adjacents: Antioqura, Bogota, Coro, Maracaibo, Mompas, Venezuela, Orinoco jungles,
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Antioqura.
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Bogota.
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Coro.
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Maracaibo.
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Mompas.
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Venezuela.
Setting adjacency for New Granada to Orinoco jungles.
Setting adjacencies for territory Orinoco jungles in continent South America with adjacents: Angostura, Caracas, Coro, New Granada, Venezuela,
Setting adjacency for Orinoco jungles to Angostura.
Setting adjacency for Orinoco jungles to Caracas.
Setting adjacency for Orinoco jungles to Coro.
Setting adjacency for Orinoco jungles to New Granada.
Setting adjacency for Orinoco jungles to Venezuela.
Setting adjacencies for territory Trinidad in continent South America with adjacents: Grenada, Angostura, Caracas,
Setting adjacency for Trinidad to Grenada.
Setting adjacency for Trinidad to Angostura.
Setting adjacency for Trinidad to Caracas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Venezuela in continent South America with adjacents: British Guiana, Angostura, New Granada, Orinoco jungles,
Setting adjacency for Venezuela to British Guiana.
Setting adjacency for Venezuela to Angostura.
Setting adjacency for Venezuela to New Granada.
Setting adjacency for Venezuela to Orinoco jungles.
Setting adjacencies for territory Chiapas in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Guatemala, Oaxaca, Vera Cruz, Tabasco, Campeche,
Setting adjacency for Chiapas to Guatemala.
Setting adjacency for Chiapas to Oaxaca.
Setting adjacency for Chiapas to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacency for Chiapas to Tabasco.
Setting adjacency for Chiapas to Campeche.
Setting adjacencies for territory Durango in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Chihuahua, Coahuila, Tepic, Zacatecas,
Setting adjacency for Durango to Chihuahua.
Setting adjacency for Durango to Coahuila.
Setting adjacency for Durango to Tepic.
Setting adjacency for Durango to Zacatecas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Guerrero in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Oaxaca, Puebla, Michoacan,
Setting adjacency for Guerrero to Oaxaca.
Setting adjacency for Guerrero to Puebla.
Setting adjacency for Guerrero to Michoacan.
Setting adjacencies for territory Hidalgo in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Mexico, Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Zacatecas, Vera Cruz,
Setting adjacency for Hidalgo to Mexico.
Setting adjacency for Hidalgo to Matamoros.
Setting adjacency for Hidalgo to Tamaulipas.
Setting adjacency for Hidalgo to Zacatecas.
Setting adjacency for Hidalgo to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacencies for territory Jalisco in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Tepic, Mexico, Zacatecas, Michoacan,
Setting adjacency for Jalisco to Tepic.
Setting adjacency for Jalisco to Mexico.
Setting adjacency for Jalisco to Zacatecas.
Setting adjacency for Jalisco to Michoacan.
Setting adjacencies for territory Matamoros in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Coahuila, Laredo, Hidalgo, Tamaulipas,
Setting adjacency for Matamoros to Coahuila.
Setting adjacency for Matamoros to Laredo.
Setting adjacency for Matamoros to Hidalgo.
Setting adjacency for Matamoros to Tamaulipas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Mexico in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Hidalgo, Jalisco, Vera Cruz, Puebla, Michoacan,
Setting adjacency for Mexico to Hidalgo.
Setting adjacency for Mexico to Jalisco.
Setting adjacency for Mexico to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacency for Mexico to Puebla.
Setting adjacency for Mexico to Michoacan.
Setting adjacencies for territory Michoacan in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Guerrero, Jalisco, Mexico, Puebla,
Setting adjacency for Michoacan to Guerrero.
Setting adjacency for Michoacan to Jalisco.
Setting adjacency for Michoacan to Mexico.
Setting adjacency for Michoacan to Puebla.
Setting adjacencies for territory Oaxaca in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Chiapas, Guerrero, Vera Cruz, Puebla,
Setting adjacency for Oaxaca to Chiapas.
Setting adjacency for Oaxaca to Guerrero.
Setting adjacency for Oaxaca to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacency for Oaxaca to Puebla.
Setting adjacencies for territory Puebla in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Guerrero, Mexico, Michoacan, Oaxaca, Vera Cruz,
Setting adjacency for Puebla to Guerrero.
Setting adjacency for Puebla to Mexico.
Setting adjacency for Puebla to Michoacan.
Setting adjacency for Puebla to Oaxaca.
Setting adjacency for Puebla to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacencies for territory Tabasco in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Campeche, Chiapas, Vera Cruz,
Setting adjacency for Tabasco to Campeche.
Setting adjacency for Tabasco to Chiapas.
Setting adjacency for Tabasco to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacencies for territory Tamaulipas in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Hidalgo, Matamoros, Vera Cruz,
Setting adjacency for Tamaulipas to Hidalgo.
Setting adjacency for Tamaulipas to Matamoros.
Setting adjacency for Tamaulipas to Vera Cruz.
Setting adjacencies for territory Tepic in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Durango, Jalisco, Zacatecas,
Setting adjacency for Tepic to Durango.
Setting adjacency for Tepic to Jalisco.
Setting adjacency for Tepic to Zacatecas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Vera Cruz in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: New Orleans, Chiapas, Hidalgo, Mexico, Oaxaca, Puebla, Tabasco, Tamaulipas,
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to New Orleans.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Chiapas.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Hidalgo.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Mexico.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Oaxaca.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Puebla.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Tabasco.
Setting adjacency for Vera Cruz to Tamaulipas.
Setting adjacencies for territory Zacatecas in continent Southern Mexico with adjacents: Coahuila, Durango, Hidalgo, Jalisco, Tepic,
Setting adjacency for Zacatecas to Coahuila.
Setting adjacency for Zacatecas to Durango.
Setting adjacency for Zacatecas to Hidalgo.
Setting adjacency for Zacatecas to Jalisco.
Setting adjacency for Zacatecas to Tepic.
Setting adjacencies for territory Appalachian mountains in continent Southern States with adjacents: Creek lands, Cherokee lands, Chickasaw lands, North Carolina, Georgia, South Carolina,
Setting adjacency for Appalachian mountains to Creek lands.
Setting adjacency for Appalachian mountains to Cherokee lands.
Setting adjacency for Appalachian mountains to Chickasaw lands.
Setting adjacency for Appalachian mountains to North Carolina.
Setting adjacency for Appalachian mountains to Georgia.
Setting adjacency for Appalachian mountains to South Carolina.
Setting adjacencies for territory Blue Ridge mountains in continent Southern States with adjacents: Kentucky, Pittsburgh, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland,
Setting adjacency for Blue Ridge mountains to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for Blue Ridge mountains to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Blue Ridge mountains to North Carolina.
Setting adjacency for Blue Ridge mountains to Virginia.
Setting adjacency for Blue Ridge mountains to Maryland.
Setting adjacencies for territory East Florida in continent Southern States with adjacents: Havana, Northern Bahamas, West Florida, Seminole lands, Georgia, Everglade swamp,
Setting adjacency for East Florida to Havana.
Setting adjacency for East Florida to Northern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for East Florida to West Florida.
Setting adjacency for East Florida to Seminole lands.
Setting adjacency for East Florida to Georgia.
Setting adjacency for East Florida to Everglade swamp.
Setting adjacencies for territory Everglade swamp in continent Southern States with adjacents: East Florida, Seminole lands,
Setting adjacency for Everglade swamp to East Florida.
Setting adjacency for Everglade swamp to Seminole lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Georgia in continent Southern States with adjacents: Appalachian mountains, East Florida, South Carolina, Creek lands, West Florida,
Setting adjacency for Georgia to Appalachian mountains.
Setting adjacency for Georgia to East Florida.
Setting adjacency for Georgia to South Carolina.
Setting adjacency for Georgia to Creek lands.
Setting adjacency for Georgia to West Florida.
Setting adjacencies for territory Maryland in continent Southern States with adjacents: New Jersey & Delaware, Pittsburgh, Blue Ridge mountains, Virginia, Pennsylvania,
Setting adjacency for Maryland to New Jersey & Delaware.
Setting adjacency for Maryland to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Maryland to Blue Ridge mountains.
Setting adjacency for Maryland to Virginia.
Setting adjacency for Maryland to Pennsylvania.
Setting adjacencies for territory North Carolina in continent Southern States with adjacents: Northern Bahamas, Kentucky, Appalachian mountains, Blue Ridge mountains, South Carolina, Virginia, Cherokee lands,
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to Northern Bahamas.
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to Kentucky.
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to Appalachian mountains.
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to Blue Ridge mountains.
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to South Carolina.
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to Virginia.
Setting adjacency for North Carolina to Cherokee lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Pennsylvania in continent Southern States with adjacents: New Jersey & Delaware, New York, Northern Allegheny mountains, Pittsburgh, Maryland,
Setting adjacency for Pennsylvania to New Jersey & Delaware.
Setting adjacency for Pennsylvania to New York.
Setting adjacency for Pennsylvania to Northern Allegheny mountains.
Setting adjacency for Pennsylvania to Pittsburgh.
Setting adjacency for Pennsylvania to Maryland.
Setting adjacencies for territory Seminole lands in continent Southern States with adjacents: East Florida, Everglade swamp,
Setting adjacency for Seminole lands to East Florida.
Setting adjacency for Seminole lands to Everglade swamp.
Setting adjacencies for territory South Carolina in continent Southern States with adjacents: Appalachian mountains, Georgia, North Carolina,
Setting adjacency for South Carolina to Appalachian mountains.
Setting adjacency for South Carolina to Georgia.
Setting adjacency for South Carolina to North Carolina.
Setting adjacencies for territory Virginia in continent Southern States with adjacents: Blue Ridge mountains, Maryland, North Carolina,
Setting adjacency for Virginia to Blue Ridge mountains.
Setting adjacency for Virginia to Maryland.
Setting adjacency for Virginia to North Carolina.
Setting adjacencies for territory Assiniboin lands in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Crow lands, Mandan lands, Hudsons Bay, Cree lands,
Setting adjacency for Assiniboin lands to Crow lands.
Setting adjacency for Assiniboin lands to Mandan lands.
Setting adjacency for Assiniboin lands to Hudsons Bay.
Setting adjacency for Assiniboin lands to Cree lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Cree lands in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Mandan lands, Yankton Sioux lands, Chippewa lands, Assiniboin lands, Hudsons Bay, Ojibwa lands,
Setting adjacency for Cree lands to Mandan lands.
Setting adjacency for Cree lands to Yankton Sioux lands.
Setting adjacency for Cree lands to Chippewa lands.
Setting adjacency for Cree lands to Assiniboin lands.
Setting adjacency for Cree lands to Hudsons Bay.
Setting adjacency for Cree lands to Ojibwa lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory Hudsons Bay in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Assiniboin lands, Cree lands, Ruperts Land, Ojibwa lands,
Setting adjacency for Hudsons Bay to Assiniboin lands.
Setting adjacency for Hudsons Bay to Cree lands.
Setting adjacency for Hudsons Bay to Ruperts Land.
Setting adjacency for Hudsons Bay to Ojibwa lands.
Setting adjacencies for territory James Bay in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Canadian wilderness, Moose Factory,
Setting adjacency for James Bay to Canadian wilderness.
Setting adjacency for James Bay to Moose Factory.
Setting adjacencies for territory Moose Factory in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Canada, Canadian wilderness, James Bay, Ruperts Land, Ontario,
Setting adjacency for Moose Factory to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Moose Factory to Canadian wilderness.
Setting adjacency for Moose Factory to James Bay.
Setting adjacency for Moose Factory to Ruperts Land.
Setting adjacency for Moose Factory to Ontario.
Setting adjacencies for territory Ojibwa lands in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Cree lands, Hudsons Bay, Ottawa lands, Ruperts Land, Ontario,
Setting adjacency for Ojibwa lands to Cree lands.
Setting adjacency for Ojibwa lands to Hudsons Bay.
Setting adjacency for Ojibwa lands to Ottawa lands.
Setting adjacency for Ojibwa lands to Ruperts Land.
Setting adjacency for Ojibwa lands to Ontario.
Setting adjacencies for territory Ontario in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Canada, Lower Canada, Moose Factory, Ojibwa lands, Ottawa lands, Ruperts Land, Upper Canada,
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Canada.
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Lower Canada.
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Moose Factory.
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Ojibwa lands.
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Ottawa lands.
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Ruperts Land.
Setting adjacency for Ontario to Upper Canada.
Setting adjacencies for territory Ottawa lands in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Menominie lands, Ojibwa lands, Ontario, Upper Canada,
Setting adjacency for Ottawa lands to Menominie lands.
Setting adjacency for Ottawa lands to Ojibwa lands.
Setting adjacency for Ottawa lands to Ontario.
Setting adjacency for Ottawa lands to Upper Canada.
Setting adjacencies for territory Ruperts Land in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Hudsons Bay, Moose Factory, Ojibwa lands, Ontario,
Setting adjacency for Ruperts Land to Hudsons Bay.
Setting adjacency for Ruperts Land to Moose Factory.
Setting adjacency for Ruperts Land to Ojibwa lands.
Setting adjacency for Ruperts Land to Ontario.
Setting adjacencies for territory Upper Canada in continent Upper Canada with adjacents: Lower Canada, Fort Niagra, Fort Detroit, Ontario, Ottawa lands, Fake Land 1,
Setting adjacency for Upper Canada to Lower Canada.
Setting adjacency for Upper Canada to Fort Niagra.
Setting adjacency for Upper Canada to Fort Detroit.
Setting adjacency for Upper Canada to Ontario.
Setting adjacency for Upper Canada to Ottawa lands.
Setting adjacency for Upper Canada to Fake Land 1.
Setting adjacencies for territory Fake Land 1 in continent Caribbean Islands with adjacents: Ontario,
Setting adjacency for Fake Land 1 to Ontario.
Map Name: Americas 1792.map
Continents:
 - Guiana: Control Value 3
 - Caribbean Islands: Control Value 16
 - Northern Mexico: Control Value 6
 - Central America: Control Value 10
 - South America: Control Value 13
 - Northern States: Control Value 10
 - Great Plains: Control Value 20
 - Louisiana: Control Value 10
 - Lower Canada: Control Value 16
 - Northwest Territory: Control Value 12
 - Ohio: Control Value 7
 - Southern Mexico: Control Value 15
 - Southern States: Control Value 11
 - Upper Canada: Control Value 10
Territories:
 - Antigua (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Guadeloupe, Puerto Rico
 - Barbados (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: St. Lucia, St. Johns, British Guiana
 - Cuba (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Havana, Santiago de Cuba
 - Dominica (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Guadeloupe, Martinique
 - Fake Land 1 (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: St. Lucia, Trinidad
 - Grenada (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Antigua, Dominica
 - Guadeloupe (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Santo Domingo, Southern Bahamas, Santiago de Cuba, Jamaica
 - Haiti (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Cuba, New Orleans, East Florida, Yucatan
 - Havana (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Haiti, Santiago de Cuba, Mosquito Coast, Panama
 - Jamaica (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Dominica, St. Lucia
 - Martinique (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: North Carolina, East Florida, Southern Bahamas, Santiago de Cuba
 - Northern Bahamas (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Santo Domingo, Curacao, Antigua
 - Puerto Rico (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica, Northern Bahamas, Southern Bahamas
 - Santiago de Cuba (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Haiti, Puerto Rico
 - Santo Domingo (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Haiti, Northern Bahamas, Santiago de Cuba, Massachusetts
 - Southern Bahamas (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Barbados, Grenada, Martinique
 - St. Lucia (Continent: Caribbean Islands)
   Adjacent Territories: Yucatan, Campeche, Guatemala
 - British Honduras (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: British Honduras, Yucatan, Tabasco, Guatemala, Chiapas
 - Campeche (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Mosquito Coast, Panama, Nicaragua
 - Costa Rica (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: British Honduras, Campeche, Chiapas, Salvador, Honduras
 - Guatemala (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Guatemala, Mosquito Coast, Nicaragua, Salvador
 - Honduras (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Jamaica, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras
 - Mosquito Coast (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Costa Rica, Mosquito Coast, Honduras
 - Nicaragua (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Jamaica, Costa Rica, Cartagena, Antioqura
 - Panama (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Guatemala, Honduras
 - Salvador (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Havana, British Honduras, Campeche
 - Yucatan (Continent: Central America)
   Adjacent Territories: Coahuila, Chihuahua, Comanche lands, San Antonio
 - Apache lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Pawnee lands, Arikira lands, Kiowa lands, Skidi Pawnee
 - Arapaho lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arapaho lands, Cheyenne lands, Ponca lands, Skidi Pawnee
 - Arikira lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arikira lands, Santee Sioux lands, Crow lands, Ponca lands
 - Cheyenne lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Apache lands, Caddo lands, Wichita lands, Kiowa lands, Tejas, San Antonio
 - Comanche lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Cheyenne lands, Santee Sioux lands, Mandan lands, Assiniboin lands
 - Crow lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Iowa lands, Mesquakie lands, Santee Sioux lands, Chippewa lands, Yankton Sioux lands, Omaha lands, Ponca lands
 - Dacotah Sioux lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Dacotah Sioux lands, Mesquakie lands, Sauk lands, Oto lands, Omaha lands
 - Iowa lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arkansas, Illinois, Pawnee lands, Oto lands, Kikapoo lands, Osage lands
 - Kansa lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arapaho lands, Comanche lands, Caddo lands, Pawnee lands, Wichita lands, Osage lands
 - Kiowa lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Crow lands, Santee Sioux lands, Assiniboin lands, Cree lands, Yankton Sioux lands
 - Mandan lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Dacotah Sioux lands, Iowa lands, Pawnee lands, Ponca lands, Skidi Pawnee, Oto lands
 - Omaha lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Kansa lands, Kiowa lands, Arkansas, Caddo lands, Pawnee lands, Quapaw lands
 - Osage lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Iowa lands, Kansa lands, Sauk lands, Pawnee lands, Omaha lands
 - Oto lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arapaho lands, Kansa lands, Kiowa lands, Omaha lands, Osage lands, Oto lands, Skidi Pawnee
 - Pawnee lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arikira lands, Cheyenne lands, Dacotah Sioux lands, Omaha lands, Santee Sioux lands, Skidi Pawnee
 - Ponca lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Cheyenne lands, Crow lands, Dacotah Sioux lands, Mandan lands, Ponca lands, Yankton Sioux lands
 - Santee Sioux lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Arapaho lands, Arikira lands, Omaha lands, Pawnee lands, Ponca lands
 - Skidi Pawnee (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Comanche lands, Kiowa lands, Caddo lands
 - Wichita lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Dacotah Sioux lands, Mandan lands, Santee Sioux lands, Chippewa lands, Cree lands
 - Yankton Sioux lands (Continent: Great Plains)
   Adjacent Territories: Barbados, Angostura, Venezuela, Dutch Guiana
 - British Guiana (Continent: Guiana)
   Adjacent Territories: British Guiana, French Guiana
 - Dutch Guiana (Continent: Guiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Dutch Guiana
 - French Guiana (Continent: Guiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Kansa lands, Osage lands, Tennesee, Illinois, Quapaw lands, Mississippi
 - Arkansas (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Comanche lands, Kiowa lands, Osage lands, Wichita lands, Natchez, Los Adaes, Tejas, Quapaw lands
 - Caddo lands (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: West Florida, New Orleans, Chickasaw lands, Mississippi, Creek lands
 - Choctaw lands (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Choctaw lands, West Florida, Appalachian mountains, Chickasaw lands, Georgia
 - Creek lands (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Kansa lands, Arkansas, Tennesee, Mascouten lands, Shawnee lands, Kentucky, Kikapoo lands
 - Illinois (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Arkansas, Choctaw lands, Natchez, New Orleans, Quapaw lands, Chickasaw lands, Tennesee
 - Mississippi (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Caddo lands, Mississippi, New Orleans, Los Adaes, Quapaw lands
 - Natchez (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Havana, Choctaw lands, Mississippi, Natchez, West Florida, Los Adaes, Vera Cruz
 - New Orleans (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Osage lands, Arkansas, Caddo lands, Mississippi, Natchez
 - Quapaw lands (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Choctaw lands, Creek lands, New Orleans, East Florida, Georgia
 - West Florida (Continent: Louisiana)
   Adjacent Territories: Maine, Gaspe, New Hampshire, Montreal, Lake Champlain, Quebec
 - Abenaki lands (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canadian wilderness, Moose Factory, Lower Canada, Montreal, Ontario, Quebec, Tadoussac
 - Canada (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canada, Labrador, Moose Factory, James Bay, Montagnais lands, Tadoussac
 - Canadian wilderness (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Abenaki lands, Maine, New Brunswick
 - Gaspe (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick, Isle Royale, Nova Scotia
 - Halifax (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Halifax, St. Johns
 - Isle Royale (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canadian wilderness, Montagnais lands, Newfoundland
 - Labrador (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canada, Adirondack mountains, Montreal, Upper Canada, Ontario
 - Lower Canada (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canadian wilderness, Labrador, Tadoussac
 - Montagnais lands (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Abenaki lands, Canada, Lower Canada, Adirondack mountains, Lake Champlain, Quebec
 - Montreal (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Gaspe, Halifax, Maine, Prince Edward Island
 - New Brunswick (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Labrador, St. Johns
 - Newfoundland (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Halifax, Massachusetts
 - Nova Scotia (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Halifax, New Brunswick
 - Prince Edward Island (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Abenaki lands, Canada, Montreal, Tadoussac
 - Quebec (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Barbados, Isle Royale, Newfoundland
 - St. Johns (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canada, Canadian wilderness, Montagnais lands, Quebec
 - Tadoussac (Continent: Lower Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Apache lands, Durango, Coahuila
 - Chihuahua (Continent: Northern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Apache lands, Chihuahua, Matamoros, Durango, Zacatecas, Laredo, San Antonio
 - Coahuila (Continent: Northern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Coahuila, Matamoros, San Antonio
 - Laredo (Continent: Northern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Caddo lands, Natchez, New Orleans, Tejas
 - Los Adaes (Continent: Northern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Apache lands, Comanche lands, Coahuila, Laredo, Tejas
 - San Antonio (Continent: Northern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Comanche lands, Caddo lands, Los Adaes, San Antonio
 - Tejas (Continent: Northern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Lower Canada, Montreal, Lake Champlain, New York
 - Adirondack mountains (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Massachusetts, New York
 - Connecticutt & Rhode Island (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Pittsburgh, Northern Allegheny mountains, Upper Canada, New York
 - Fort Niagra (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Abenaki lands, Montreal, Adirondack mountains, New Hampshire, New York, Massachusetts
 - Lake Champlain (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Abenaki lands, Gaspe, New Brunswick, New Hampshire
 - Maine (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Southern Bahamas, Nova Scotia, Lake Champlain, New Hampshire, New York, Connecticutt & Rhode Island
 - Massachusetts (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Abenaki lands, Lake Champlain, Maine, Massachusetts
 - New Hampshire (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania
 - New Jersey & Delaware (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Adirondack mountains, Fort Niagra, Lake Champlain, Massachusetts, New Jersey & Delaware, Northern Allegheny mountains, Pennsylvania, Connecticutt & Rhode Island
 - New York (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Fort Niagra, New York, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
 - Northern Allegheny mountains (Continent: Northern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Dacotah Sioux lands, Yankton Sioux lands, Mesquakie lands, Cree lands, Menominie lands
 - Chippewa lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Miami lands, Potawatomi lands, Upper Canada, Fort Michilimackinac
 - Fort Detroit (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Fort Detroit, Potawatomi lands, Menominie lands
 - Fort Michilimackinac (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Kansa lands, Illinois, Sauk lands, Potawatomi lands, Mascouten lands
 - Kikapoo lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Illinois, Kikapoo lands, Miami lands, Potawatomi lands, Shawnee lands
 - Mascouten lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Chippewa lands, Fort Michilimackinac, Ottawa lands, Mesquakie lands, Sauk lands, Potawatomi lands
 - Menominie lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Dacotah Sioux lands, Iowa lands, Chippewa lands, Menominie lands, Sauk lands
 - Mesquakie lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Fort Detroit, Mascouten lands, Potawatomi lands, Shawnee lands, Ohio
 - Miami lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Fort Detroit, Fort Michilimackinac, Kikapoo lands, Mascouten lands, Menominie lands, Miami lands, Sauk lands
 - Potawatomi lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Iowa lands, Oto lands, Kikapoo lands, Menominie lands, Mesquakie lands, Potawatomi lands
 - Sauk lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Illinois, Mascouten lands, Miami lands, Kentucky, Ohio
 - Shawnee lands (Continent: Northwest Territory)
   Adjacent Territories: Tennesee, Appalachian mountains, Kentucky, Chickasaw lands, North Carolina
 - Cherokee lands (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: Choctaw lands, Creek lands, Mississippi, Cherokee lands, Tennesee, Appalachian mountains
 - Chickasaw lands (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: Illinois, Shawnee lands, Cherokee lands, Pittsburgh, Tennesee, North Carolina, Blue Ridge mountains, Ohio, Southern Allegheny mountains
 - Kentucky (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: Miami lands, Shawnee lands, Kentucky, Pittsburgh, Southern Allegheny mountains
 - Ohio (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: Fort Niagra, Northern Allegheny mountains, Kentucky, Ohio, Blue Ridge mountains, Maryland, Southern Allegheny mountains, Pennsylvania
 - Pittsburgh (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: Kentucky, Ohio, Pittsburgh
 - Southern Allegheny mountains (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: Arkansas, Illinois, Cherokee lands, Chickasaw lands, Kentucky, Mississippi
 - Tennesee (Continent: Ohio)
   Adjacent Territories: British Guiana, Venezuela, Caracas, Orinoco jungles, Trinidad
 - Angostura (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: New Granada, Mompas, Bogota, Cartagena, Panama
 - Antioqura (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Antioqura, New Granada
 - Bogota (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Angostura, Coro, Orinoco jungles, Trinidad
 - Caracas (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Panama, Antioqura, Maracaibo, Mompas
 - Cartagena (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Caracas, New Granada, Maracaibo, Orinoco jungles, Curacao
 - Coro (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Puerto Rico, Coro
 - Curacao (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Cartagena, Coro, New Granada, Mompas
 - Maracaibo (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Antioqura, Cartagena, Maracaibo, New Granada
 - Mompas (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Antioqura, Bogota, Coro, Maracaibo, Mompas, Venezuela, Orinoco jungles
 - New Granada (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Angostura, Caracas, Coro, New Granada, Venezuela
 - Orinoco jungles (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Grenada, Angostura, Caracas
 - Trinidad (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: British Guiana, Angostura, New Granada, Orinoco jungles
 - Venezuela (Continent: South America)
   Adjacent Territories: Guatemala, Oaxaca, Vera Cruz, Tabasco, Campeche
 - Chiapas (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Chihuahua, Coahuila, Tepic, Zacatecas
 - Durango (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Oaxaca, Puebla, Michoacan
 - Guerrero (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Mexico, Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Zacatecas, Vera Cruz
 - Hidalgo (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Tepic, Mexico, Zacatecas, Michoacan
 - Jalisco (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Coahuila, Laredo, Hidalgo, Tamaulipas
 - Matamoros (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Hidalgo, Jalisco, Vera Cruz, Puebla, Michoacan
 - Mexico (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Guerrero, Jalisco, Mexico, Puebla
 - Michoacan (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Chiapas, Guerrero, Vera Cruz, Puebla
 - Oaxaca (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Guerrero, Mexico, Michoacan, Oaxaca, Vera Cruz
 - Puebla (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Campeche, Chiapas, Vera Cruz
 - Tabasco (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Hidalgo, Matamoros, Vera Cruz
 - Tamaulipas (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Durango, Jalisco, Zacatecas
 - Tepic (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: New Orleans, Chiapas, Hidalgo, Mexico, Oaxaca, Puebla, Tabasco, Tamaulipas
 - Vera Cruz (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Coahuila, Durango, Hidalgo, Jalisco, Tepic
 - Zacatecas (Continent: Southern Mexico)
   Adjacent Territories: Creek lands, Cherokee lands, Chickasaw lands, North Carolina, Georgia, South Carolina
 - Appalachian mountains (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Kentucky, Pittsburgh, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland
 - Blue Ridge mountains (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Havana, Northern Bahamas, West Florida, Seminole lands, Georgia, Everglade swamp
 - East Florida (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: East Florida, Seminole lands
 - Everglade swamp (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Appalachian mountains, East Florida, South Carolina, Creek lands, West Florida
 - Georgia (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: New Jersey & Delaware, Pittsburgh, Blue Ridge mountains, Virginia, Pennsylvania
 - Maryland (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Northern Bahamas, Kentucky, Appalachian mountains, Blue Ridge mountains, South Carolina, Virginia, Cherokee lands
 - North Carolina (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: New Jersey & Delaware, New York, Northern Allegheny mountains, Pittsburgh, Maryland
 - Pennsylvania (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: East Florida, Everglade swamp
 - Seminole lands (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Appalachian mountains, Georgia, North Carolina
 - South Carolina (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Blue Ridge mountains, Maryland, North Carolina
 - Virginia (Continent: Southern States)
   Adjacent Territories: Crow lands, Mandan lands, Hudsons Bay, Cree lands
 - Assiniboin lands (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Mandan lands, Yankton Sioux lands, Chippewa lands, Assiniboin lands, Hudsons Bay, Ojibwa lands
 - Cree lands (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Assiniboin lands, Cree lands, Ruperts Land, Ojibwa lands
 - Hudsons Bay (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canadian wilderness, Moose Factory
 - James Bay (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canada, Canadian wilderness, James Bay, Ruperts Land, Ontario
 - Moose Factory (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Cree lands, Hudsons Bay, Ottawa lands, Ruperts Land, Ontario
 - Ojibwa lands (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Canada, Lower Canada, Moose Factory, Ojibwa lands, Ottawa lands, Ruperts Land, Upper Canada
 - Ontario (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Menominie lands, Ojibwa lands, Ontario, Upper Canada
 - Ottawa lands (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Hudsons Bay, Moose Factory, Ojibwa lands, Ontario
 - Ruperts Land (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Lower Canada, Fort Niagra, Fort Detroit, Ontario, Ottawa lands, Fake Land 1
 - Upper Canada (Continent: Upper Canada)
   Adjacent Territories: Ontario